My name is XXX02.O K. Please call me XXX02. Yes. I works as a museum staff, so I  I've been busy these days. Mhm. Ye yes. Er. A kind of full time worker.Yes. Uh. Usually, museum open on Saturday and Sunday. And so the holiday is Monday usually, so I'm off today.Uhm. laughter Usually, I get up late and cleaning clean my ho room. And, after that, I spend my time listening music or reading books or watching T V. Uhm. Usually, I have a relaxed time.Uhm.  laughter  ???. Mhm.  I like mm novel or non-fiction non-fiction books.  Mhm. Recently, I like. Mhm.Usually, I go to the library, and I rent laughter these books.Mm.  After work, I  I go back to home go back home, and I have supper with my mother.  And, usually, I watch ne news programs on T V. Mhm. And, laughter usually, I listen to  tape recor eh English tape on tape recorder. Mm.O K?. Umm mm. laughter  So, so. I like er four seasons mhm  ea each mm so laughter  each I like each se season. Uhm. Yes. laughter I I can say I like summer.Umm. laughter  Each seasons have mm  mhm laughter  each  mm mm each seasons each season sigh have a merit  mm and laughter demerit.  For example, at summer, I can enjoy the sea and breeze.  laughterO K.O K.This is XXX02. How are you?Fine thank you. Uhm  er. Wo would you like to go see movie? Uh. "Polar X" in Shibuya on Thursday night?Er. "Polar X".The French mo the French movie. I heard laughter French movie. So, if you are O K, laughter please laughter see the movie.laughter Er. What what? But there is a subtitles of Japanese.So you can understand.Um erm. How about meeting mm in front of Hachiko's er Hachiko statue at mhm at six thirty?The movie starts er at seven sharp. So, are you O K?laughter And, er  yo do you want to have dinner before the movie?So, er how about mm meeting at six, instead?And, laughter let's have dinner. And, after that, let's go see movie.O K? Yes.See you later. Thank you.Yes, I like movies.I sometimes go see movies in Shibuya or Ginza or Roppongi.  So  I say? title.Ah "One day last week".Er.Er. One day last week, er  er  she er she look mm  she looked uh  into the refregerater. But er  it was er empty. So  she  she decided to  go shopping,  and she went to  she went to the supermarket  er as usual mm with car. And, after that, she pick up  er er a lot of  a lot of things she needs.  And  she paid  she paid for those things at cash.  Er.  And she  she put these er  mm these those things  mm on the trunk in the trunk of the car. And  she went to home, and she prepar prepared er the meal for the day. She sigh  she cooked er eggs,  and,  mm perhaps, she  she prepared the good meal.  That's all.What what do you?Ah. Compare? Mhm uhu.  I think mm  the food section in the supermarket er costs  mm  low, er I think. And  mhm  so,  if you  mhm if you need daily daily things, you should go to the supermarket. But, umm in the section of the department store, er there is a lot of mm expensive thing or unique thing. So,  mhm if you have sigh you need uhu  you need to prepare for special thing, you have to go to the department store, I think.Tonight? Uhm  mm laughter mm laughter mm. After having dinner, I'm going to  mm to I'm going to bake cake a cake. Er. Yes, I'm planning.Er. laughter It's er er tart of er it's ta tart with mm white wine sauced. laughter It's It's a first time.Thank you very much.