My name is XXX02.Hello.Um I'm fine, but I'm a little nervous.laughterYes. Mm because, mmm I I had to hand in my graduation thesis in December,so mmm I mm I was busy, but mm now I finished it. So. Mmm.Yes. Um.Mm yes, but now, not yet mm. Mmmm maybe next week, mm winter vacation mm will start.laughter I don't have any plan. laughter Uhm maybe, mmm mmm I work mm I um I work for five or six days. Um.But mm I don mm I don't go any place. laughterMm I have a part-time job as a rece receptionistat a computer school. Mmm.So mmm but, mm mm maybe, mm twen twenty eighth or twenty ninthis mmm the last day mm my work. Mhm.Mmmm yes?, mm but, mm mmm maybe no. laughterBecause uhmmm I mm I don't like typical new year food Japa Japanese typical new year food, laughter so mmm I mm I want to mm eat mm normal food.Yes. Uhm.Uhmm. I umm I don't like Osechi.Uhmm. Why not? Mmm mmm mm since I was mm I was small, mm I don't like it. Mm mm.Yeah.Yes.It's a sunny day, and mm it's a small town. And mm there is a there are there are three houses, but I guess mm there are lot of houses. Mm. And in front of a hou in front of one house, one girl play mmm play nawatobi, mm and and then, on the road, one guy is running and he is sweating. Um.laughter And mmm and mm  on the road, um there is one car,and on the car one cat is sleeping.And near the car two two women is talking and one guy one woman is um is with maybe her dog.And opposite the road, there is one  old old old manreading newspaperand and sitting sitting the chair. Um. And.  Um.Er yes. Um.Mmm I have? one cat. Mmm and she is mm she has ugly face. laughterShe has a lots of color colo colorful hair,and laughter mmm very mixed. laughterThat is mm that looks like ugly. laughterUhm because erm erm my cat came mm came came my house,and mm she she looks like very hungry.And and she is a she was very small, so we thought mm poor cat,and and maybe she mm she was young one young cat, mm and we mmm we we was getting to to give her foo give herfoods. So, mm she thought laughter um this this was my house. laughterlaughterYes.Um.Yes.Er yes. Mmm I want to I want to I want mm laughter sorry, mm  I want to err watch.Um.Um and mmm I prefer mm leather watch.Uhm and mmm do you have mm do you have something special one?Yeah. Mm because mm I want to mm I want to give it to my er I want to give it um my fatherfor my for her for his birthday.Um so mmm mmm band is band was band is made of made by made of leather,I mean.Do you have it?Err.Mmm  mm  maybe laughter I said I'm I want to have special one,but er I don't have enough money, somm it it costs mm around  fifty thousand yen.Um.Businessman? Uhm but I mi mmm I think it's a uhu  it's a a little simple.Uhm.Uhm.Mmm. I like this one, but mmm I prefer more um  more decorated. laughterOh err.Fifty thousand? Oh yeah. So mmm I want to buy it. laughterUhu by cash.Thank you very much. laughterMmm yes. Mmm. I want to buy uhu some mm some comfortable sweater. Um.But laughter I don't have enough money.so now, I mm I look for some mm some mm some good one."One day last week"?O K. Mmm.  Mmm one day mm so?  one day after class, one one university student mmm  one university student and his professor go to some restaurant. And his professor recommend recommen recommended one restaurant, so he mm mm he followed his pro he followeded? his professor. And then, mm  mmm  his professor has a has mm favo favo favorite seat, so he said mm he said "I wanted to I wanted to sit that table.". And mm after sitting, cough mm mm one wai mm one waitress asked them ask them ask them the asked them the menu, and mm  and  university student felt very hungry. So, mm  he asked he asked her big dishes, and mm his professor said, "That's O K that was O K. You were very you were you were young so you had betterto eat mm a lot.".Um and mm  his professor felt very umm very happyand he mm he they were very mm  they were mm they mm they enjoyed very much.So mm he he want mm the pro mm the university student ordered some beer.And um  and mmm after eating, cough his professor said, "That's my that was my treat," so mm his professor paid all money.And uhm university studentfeel felt very happy. After that, we uhm um we they said, "Good-bye.".Hum maybe uhm once a week. No, no, no. Week, no, no, no, no.Once a year.Uhm. After after all class after all class finished.Maybe, mmm mm  professor mm paid all money.Um.Uhu but uhm mm if mmm eh when I had a chance to eat with my professor,mm er I felt so nervous,so? I don I mm I don't like it. laughter ??? yes?.Thank you.This weekend?This weekend, mm on Saturday,I'm going to work. And on.Um.Mhm usually I work mm I work on Sa Saturday um I work on Saturday. And on Sunday, uhm I don't have anyplan.Um.Thank you very much.