I'm? XXX01.Nice to meet you.Mhm m. In XXX02 city. Unto er. It takes about forty five minutes from XXX03 station.Yes. Mm. With my husband and my children.Two. Two children.Yes. One is boy. He is twenty seven years old. And he is studying for C P A to.Yeah. And my mm unto daughter is twenty five. She is working er she works for de er real estate company now?.Yeah. Untooo. He tried un unto last year, but he failed. Then, I hope unto uh he pass the examina he will pass the examination last next year. laughter I'm I'm getting really tired. laughterUnto free time? Once a week, er I go to extension for studying English, and once once or twice a week, to go to gym for keep my physical strength, and, once a week, I take a um golf lesson near my house.Yes, yes. Very busy now. laughterMhm. Best, best, best, best, best? I would say ma studying English is my best. laughterWhy? Mm. Why, why?  Mm. I met a lot of unto people a at the school, and, I  by studying English I learn a lot of things mm from umm ba studying English not only Ja Japan but also the other countries. Mm. Then, my I friend I have a friend in America. Sometimes, I send a E-mail, and he she gav gi gives me a E-mail. It's it's very a lot of fun It's a lot of fun for me. Yes. When I visit to America mm twi er three ti er twice. Then, every time I go and visit my friend with my husband and play tennis and have a dinner with with the with her family.Yeah. laughterYes.Describe? Mhm.  Maybe, this toda mm this is a sunny day, and unto in front of hou big house, er two housewifes is talking each other. Some mhm  eeto one of woman i unto uh i uh mm taking a walk with with her with her dogs. And  unto one cat on the car. Uunto.  She or he is sleeping on that car. That is white one. And some  some men man unto i jo jo jogging. And two boys playing  with ball. And, eh the ??? the other side of the big house, mm there is a one m bench. Some womans unto reading newpaper sitting on that. And mhm  I don't know how to say na mm nawatobi in in in English. But one girl unto is playing nawatobi. laughter I don't know how how to say in English.It's mostly like like this. My friend i mm my friend house is mostly like this. Mm but mhm  mm  but I couldn't I couldn't see a lot of people like this picture. Mhm. Even unto we visited her un her house at daily er daytime, but I couldn't see so such a people. Mm. It's very quiet. Oh mhm.  Maybe,  I might  I might do like these these woman, er having a chat. laughterEr. Hello. This is XXX01.And, thank you very much for  invitation mhm  this party today's party. But I'm very very sorry. I have to tight down?. Something happen to my to house.I'm sorry.Yeah. Mhm  mhm  mhm m  mm. My husband mother to will come to visit my house suddenly. Then, I have to go out.Oh oh. Ve thank you very much. But I think she  wouldn't like go out with us be because she is too old to go out with us it's your party. So, too late fo for her to go out to go outside.Ah. Thank you very much. I try to ask her  to go out with us. But, if he he want to go with us I I will take her, but he want to do that, eh I I'm sorry I couldn't I couldn't go out go out for your party. I'm very sorry.Mm oh. But  eh always unto she she was late mm mm to go to bed. Then, I'm sorry I haven't time to go out  for your party.Oh. Ve I'm very very sorry. But I wish I could do that, but I'm I couldn't. I'm very sorry. Please next time mhm mm  invite us again. Very very so I'm very sorry.Mm. Thank you very much.Mhm. No. Never.Mm. Yeah. laughteruunto. Mhm. We don't have opportunity to to to uh uh participate a party in Japan. Mhm. Al always unto my hus mm mm always my husband  only my husband go to party. sighYes. Alone. Yeah.Mhm.  Mhm.  Once I had a I go to party mm with my husband at company party. Unto but uh there is a lot of unto foreign people. Then?, I have to speak in English, but  this is for my first time to attend a such a kind of party. Then, I I get very nervous. Then em mm  ba then, at that time, I thought a I have to speak English  more fluently. Mhm. Then, that make me  eh study English. Mm. laughterYeah. laughter Mhm.  "One one day last week"?One day last week, I look in the ref I looked in the refrigerator. But there wasn't nothing, then, I feel the need to go go to the supermarket. Then, I went to supermarket by by driving my ca my own car. Then, I bought uh a lot of things for my family. And then, after that, er I paid to a charge and I got I get to ??? groce lot of food a into the into my car. Then, I go back to home. I cooked for dinner for my family. Mm. That that's all.Mhm. Every time I go out for shopping for dinner, I check the refrigerator.laughter Mm m m. Not waste a money. laughter What really I need um I think what really I need. Mhm.Sometimes, by car. Sometimes, by bicycle.It takes a lot of unto more time than by by bicycle. Mm mm. If I go out to by by car, I go to that mhm mm more far market. More more it's not mm  when I mm go out to by car to go to uh for shopping, I go to the I go to not near my house  I go to the supermarket not near my house. Mm.  It?, maybe, next town more more far.Ah. Farther? Mm. Yes. ???. Something I didn't get near my house, then, I go to the other town. ??? Today? No. Actually de I stopped at ah to bookstore,  and I bought an envelope. And I stopped at the at bakery. I bought some bread for my kids. Mm mm.Yeah.Yeah.Yeah, cooking, Yes.I have to. laughterThank you.