Um I'm XXX02.Nice to meet you.Yes, of course.Um I live in XXX03. Mmm my my house is near XXX04 XXX04 station.Um that is nice place.No. I live with uhm my birdand mm my friend.Mmm. He is hi his color is blue.Mmm mm maybemm maybe, ba nandakkena ba barchar barchar?.I'm sorry. I don't know.Um.Mmm. No, mm no. But mm he he gives meum much love,somm I love him, too.But mm but actually,I don't like to careof of hi hi himbecausebecause mm he is very noisyand mm he is very selfish. Mm laughter so sometimes, mm I get angry. laughterMmm so-so.Mm I I have to I ha I had to go to A ALC's program mm twice a week, so so mm just busy, but of course, um I enjoyed it.Yes.Um. I'm salesperson. Um.But my office is in my house, so um that is good for me.Mm ka mm err a kind of computer system, cough software or something. Mm but mm but I can't mm make mm software. Mm I just sell.Mm cough no. Mmm if if my customer mm ask me about the computer system, mm I mm I ask my ah I will ask my mm ka colleague? mmabout that.And uhm he and he he teach he teach er he will teach mm the customer mm about the system.laughterMm  mm this is a kind of party. Mm ah no. No. This is this is mm mm thi ah this place is a restaurant. Mm  three cou three couples mm eat some dishes. Maybe, mm they are mm  they are lovers. Mm.  A  a woman who  um who who dress uhu who wear pink color dress mm  is looking  her boyfriend.I am sorry.Mmm. laughter I don't have any plan mmmm in Christmas, but but I'd like to mm I prefer mm going to a restaurant ah I prefer going to amuse amusement parkmmm than nice restaurant. laughterMm because mm because I have to eat nice dinner mm very quietly mmin the no noble restaurant.But mm amusement park is mm so noisy. If if a if za amu the amusement park mm is too crowded, um I will I will enjoy, mm some rice or something. laughterHum.Yes.Ah. Mm would you tell me how much how much mm how much cost mmm to New Yorkby train?Uhm. Er I'm sorry. Uhm I don't have much money, so so I'd like to buy cheap ticket.Mmm. It's O K. Um. And mm  and could you tell me mmm how to get to mm how to get to from here to New York? Mmm which which plat platform?Ah. Thank you. Mm.  Thank you for your kindness.Good-bye.Mmmm so so much so much. Uhm I like I like to  ride mm airplane.Um.Uhm.Because airplane is very con convenient for me. Mmm.  Mm  I have to  I have to take mm short time short time um and mm that is ba um that is le less tiring mm than train.Thank you."Last week"?Ta Takeshi Takeshi loved Hiroko, so mm so he he thank mm  he thank that mmm  he thank to that. Mm they they went to zoo.  So he so he call called her, and he asked her mmm  mm he ah  she like she she mm she likes ah she liked zoo or not. Um. Hiroko's answer is "yes.". So mm he drove his car,  and they went to a zoo.  Hiroko wanted to see mmm lion's area, so they went to there. And mmm they enjoyed seeing  lion.  But she she she was afraid of lion, mm because the lion barked her.  And then, they went to monkey's area.  A monkey was very pretty, so so so she she said to him mmm  she said to him,  mm "I want to pick up you in my house.".  But the monkey the monkey didn't  didn't say anything.  Mm and then, mm they came back home. But  but he for forgot his car,  so uhm so they  they walked.Mmm yes. Mmm. Because uhm there are many kinds of animals, so mmm that is mm very useful to talk each other about that. Mm  mm I I will continue mm studying Englishvery hard mm.Mm so so-so. Anywayanyway, mm I want to I want to learn English, and I want to go to Hawaii someday. So so,uhm I con I will continuestudying English.Thank you very much.